they come
I'm here with mr. Dean blundell member
of the band the box destroyers do you
think's through time I appreciate you
coming in so when did you start playing
with the band I don't know you're
talking about
I guess we know when did you start
playing with the guys I I don't know I
don't I don't shine at all
when did the guys start playing together
collectively it's bad I don't know two
years maybe two years
so what's it like being Dean Blondell
you know from the Dean why - oh you
worked you don't suppose that yeah
that's that question I told your
producer not to ask that question I
don't I don't know why you're asking it
if you can't read I told him can't ask
that question
they can't read
he that's better than I don't know what
you're talking about I was a response
all right
okay let's talk about the music a little
bit Dean what was it like as a kid
growing up and what did you listen to
what influenced you as you as you were a
child I used to make airplanes in
monsters sometimes I'd make airplane
monster
we're a monster airplane
as a airplane with like monster legs and
stuff so where does the music used to
like as a kid fit into that yeah I just
make airplane of monsters monster
airplane model airplanes take the model
airplane and you put that you put the
monster head on the airplane it was the
it's an airplane
we died
we fill the monster airplane
so can we hear a tune can you play us a
song today I'm uh I'm a drummer
you're a drummer I'm a drummer the drum
I don't carry my drums it's six
something in the morning five before
sometimes I don't even carry him
suck it
okay then thanks Dean look for the new
box destroyers record in the stores near
you or see them in a theater or club
thanks Lansing they appreciate your time
I don't know you're talking about